Update the Potentially Vulnerable API article (#2608)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Security Considerations/20 HTML Encoding/30 Potentially Vulnerable API/markers[].tooltip.text.md

> The [Map]() component can contain multiple [markers](). Each marker can display a tooltip. Its content is taken from the marker's [tooltip]().[text]() property. This property can accept an HTML string that the component evaluates. Be warned that if the HTML contains JavaScript commands, they will be executed. Attackers can exploit this behavior for XSS. The following example illustrates the case: <a href="https://codepen.io/romantsukanov/pen/zYwdBzJ?editors=1010" target="_blank">Map.markers[].tooltip.text - Potential XSS Vulnerability</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Map](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMap/) component can contain multiple [markers](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMap/Configuration/markers/). Each marker can display a tooltip. Its content is taken from the marker's [tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMap/Configuration/markers/tooltip/).[text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMap/Configuration/markers/tooltip/#text) property. This property can accept an HTML string that the component evaluates. Note that if the HTML contains JavaScript commands, they will be executed. Attackers can exploit this behavior for XSS. The following example illustrates such a case: <a href="https://codepen.io/romantsukanov/pen/zYwdBzJ?editors=1010" target="_blank">Map.markers[].tooltip.text - Potential XSS Vulnerability</a>
```
